<h2 id="id-2017-08-30Meetingnotes-GITusagemovingforward-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2017-08-30" class="date-past">30 Aug 2017</time></p><h2 id="id-2017-08-30Meetingnotes-GITusagemovingforward-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37ffad6b7e006aa7d897" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37ffad6b7e006aa7d897?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Mohammed Khaleeluddin (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3779ad6b7e006aa7d820" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3779ad6b7e006aa7d820?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Steve Potter (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3818258562006fa69311" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3818258562006fa69311?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">David Clarino (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="557058:62858d7e-23f8-4f52-9719-4f6c3817c9f2" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/557058:62858d7e-23f8-4f52-9719-4f6c3817c9f2?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Travis Johnson (Deactivated)</a></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3806258562006fa69302" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3806258562006fa69302?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Chirag Gandhi (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37b82e101c006a910636" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37b82e101c006a910636?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Manadher Kharroubi (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37fc258562006fa692fa" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37fc258562006fa692fa?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">John Coddington (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3704f813eb00692cb18c" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3704f813eb00692cb18c?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Shailendra Aulakh (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3788699649006ae98fea" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3788699649006ae98fea?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Ankit Shah (Deactivated)</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-2017-08-30Meetingnotes-GITusagemovingforward-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><p> </p><ul><li>What granularity do we break out repositories at </li><li>separate repo within the project <ul><li>Pros<ul><li>Strict permission control, helps with freezing a block: can add a GIT hook to make this work in a single repo. </li><li>Separate versioning </li><li>ability to use separate library versions</li></ul></li><li>Cons<ul><li>Previous Oracle experience with separate repos was a nightmare </li><li>System level integration headaches</li><li>Multiple versions of libraries and sub modules within a single release</li></ul></li><li>decision<ul><li>Stick with single repository within a project.   </li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Use Bamboo for continues integration</li><li>TACHL support for module and instance renaming based on version number, How do we support this and inform software about it.<br/><ul><li>will provide version number in package.jason</li><li>TACHL will read the jason and rename modules and instance on per library bases </li></ul></li><li>HW setup script will have capability to setup a single library checked out from specified branch or master </li></ul><h2 id="id-2017-08-30Meetingnotes-GITusagemovingforward-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16169666"><li data-inline-task-id="1"><span>&nbsp;</span></li></ul>