<h2 id="id-2017-02-07Piano2.0Meetingnotes-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2017-02-07" class="date-past">07 Feb 2017</time></p><h2 id="id-2017-02-07Piano2.0Meetingnotes-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Joe Butler (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="6245027a2e101c006a8e1370" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6245027a2e101c006a8e1370?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">alexis boutillier (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3708ed4d6b0070161f09" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3708ed4d6b0070161f09?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Clark Lau (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b377df6a26900695fd12b" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b377df6a26900695fd12b?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="788741" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Eric Howard</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624503d7f6a26900695cdf5c" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624503d7f6a26900695cdf5c?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">George Janac (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3779ad6b7e006aa7d820" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3779ad6b7e006aa7d820?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Steve Potter (Deactivated)</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-2017-02-07Piano2.0Meetingnotes-Goals">Goals</h2><ul><li>Align on what is required to finalize Piano2.0 before moving onto 2.2.</li></ul><h2 id="id-2017-02-07Piano2.0Meetingnotes-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Time</th><th class="confluenceTh">Item</th><th class="confluenceTh">Who</th><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"></td><td class="confluenceTd"></td><td class="confluenceTd"></td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"> </td><td class="confluenceTd"> </td><td class="confluenceTd"> </td><td class="confluenceTd"> </td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-2017-02-07Piano2.0Meetingnotes-Notes">Notes</h2><p>Piano2.0.1 released yesterday.  Need to fix new bug.</p><p>Demo for Renesas Wed or Thursday.  </p><p>Alexis ran through Renesas demo.  Plans to develop another demo flow generating FP inside Piano.  After validating this and addressing issues, we can then release to a customer. (Piano2.0.x).</p><p>Do we pick up FN3.3.0?  Yes.  Available tomorrow.  Alexis will install and send email.</p><p>Need to branch to enable 2.2 stream and some bigger changes that are not critical for 2.0.x.  Probably in 1-2 weeks.</p><p>Timing - next week discuss Ncore plan.  Fork end of next week to start the changes for 2.2.  Need to assume we are bug fixing 2.0.x for a while there for needs to be put in a place for easy bug fixing.  May be both bug fixes and requested flow changes for usability.</p><p>We should get rid of launching FN.  Currently inconsistent and confusing (examples of flow change requests).</p><p>Piano 2.0 is stand-alone.  2.2 will be integrated in the Conductor framework.</p><p>Ncore1.8 will be a reference point (POC) for engineering to take 2.0 functionality and integrate it in Conductor.</p><p>Tentatively 2/28/2017 for availability of 2.0.x for customers based on their flow and AE readiness.  This would be the first release to a customer outside demo only.</p><p>Needs to support the new Genus flow and DC_topo.  Genus flow readiness is still unclear.</p><p>Still having license issues with Genus.  Need complete set of 7nm collateral for TSMC for physical synthesis.</p><p>Current testing status</p><ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li>Alexis will provide QA flow testing for integration testing</li><li>Need testing for UI - Clark</li><li>80%+ line coverage in modules he could test.</li><li>For GUI testing, need to do something in engineering and not rely on QA.<ul style="list-style-type: square;"><li>Will be reactive based on bugs sourced.  Need to manage volume and timing of fixes.</li></ul></li><li>Need tcl command line testing and error reporting; how we handle incorrect usage of tcl commands?</li></ul><p>For 2.2 we want a desktop that comes up in both modes, in Ncore and stand-alone.</p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><h2 id="id-2017-02-07Piano2.0Meetingnotes-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16168708"><li data-inline-task-id="1"><span>&nbsp;</span></li></ul>