<h2 id="id-2017-07-05SymphonyReleaseScopingMeetingnotes-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2017-07-05" class="date-past">05 Jul 2017</time></p><h2 id="id-2017-07-05SymphonyReleaseScopingMeetingnotes-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="6245011345ece00069c9b891" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6245011345ece00069c9b891?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">monica tang (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624674ac5f63fd0069b329d9" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624674ac5f63fd0069b329d9?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">David Mertens (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624501ef8678e900705a9b17" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624501ef8678e900705a9b17?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">benoit de lescure (Unlicensed)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Joe Butler (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373df6a26900695fd0fc" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373df6a26900695fd0fc?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Syed Shah (Deactivated)</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-2017-07-05SymphonyReleaseScopingMeetingnotes-Goals">Goals</h2><ul><li>To align everyone on Symphony release scoping<br/><a href="/wiki/spaces/ENGR/pages/16166951/2017-07-05+Symphony+Release+Scoping+Meeting+notes?preview=%2F16166951%2F16282425%2FSymphony_releases_v0.3.pptx"><span style="background: url('/wiki/s/-672721829/6452/d621ad2a33e27b90ca05c475b216bfab745e08a2/1000.0.0-d621ad2a33e2/_/download/resources/com.atlassian.confluence.plugins.confluence-view-file-macro:view-file-macro-resources/images/placeholder-medium-presentation.png'); width: 333px; height: 95px; display: inline-block; padding-top: 155px; margin: 2px; border: 1px solid #ddd; text-align: center; vertical-align: text-bottom; text-decoration: none; font-size: 12px; color: #000;">Symphony_releases_v0.3.p…</span></a></li></ul><h2 id="id-2017-07-05SymphonyReleaseScopingMeetingnotes-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Time</th><th class="confluenceTh">Item</th><th class="confluenceTh">Who</th><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">2hrs</td><td class="confluenceTd">Symphony release scoping presentation</td><td class="confluenceTd"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="6245011345ece00069c9b891" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6245011345ece00069c9b891?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">monica tang (Deactivated)</a></td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>captured all inputs and agreed upon changes in the attached ppt file</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"> </td><td class="confluenceTd"> </td><td class="confluenceTd"> </td><td class="confluenceTd"> </td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-2017-07-05SymphonyReleaseScopingMeetingnotes-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16166951"><li data-inline-task-id="1">Regarding QoS interface to scheduler - item to be pulled in to R1<br/><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16166951"><li data-inline-task-id="67"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373df6a26900695fd0fc" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373df6a26900695fd0fc?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Syed Shah (Deactivated)</a> to define an interface for proposal to 3rd party scheduler providers</li><li data-inline-task-id="68"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="6245011345ece00069c9b891" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6245011345ece00069c9b891?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">monica tang (Deactivated)</a>, <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="70121:3348fb54-d260-4625-b8db-37aa9a743214" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:3348fb54-d260-4625-b8db-37aa9a743214?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Kurt Shuler (Deactivated)</a> to start conversations with partners (Synopsys, Cadence) to discuss possible collaboration on the interface</li><li data-inline-task-id="69"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624501ef8678e900705a9b17" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624501ef8678e900705a9b17?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">benoit de lescure (Unlicensed)</a> to start engaging potential customers (Samsung, Nvidia) on conversations about the interface</li></ul>
</li><li data-inline-task-id="70">Chip to chip digital controller - it's something to investigate whether we will do it, and how to do it better than PSI.  Discussion is needed amongst <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37fb2e101c006a910661" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37fb2e101c006a910661?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Ty Garibay (Deactivated)</a>, <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624674ac5f63fd0069b329d9" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624674ac5f63fd0069b329d9?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">David Mertens (Deactivated)</a>, <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="70121:3348fb54-d260-4625-b8db-37aa9a743214" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:3348fb54-d260-4625-b8db-37aa9a743214?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Kurt Shuler (Deactivated)</a>, <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="6245011345ece00069c9b891" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6245011345ece00069c9b891?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">monica tang (Deactivated)</a></li><li class="checked" data-inline-task-id="71"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624501ef8678e900705a9b17" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624501ef8678e900705a9b17?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">benoit de lescure (Unlicensed)</a> to send Kite interface document to <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373df6a26900695fd0fc" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373df6a26900695fd0fc?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Syed Shah (Deactivated)</a></li><li data-inline-task-id="72"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Joe Butler (Deactivated)</a> to check with SW team what they can do to reduce the number of GUIs in R1 timeframe</li><li class="checked" data-inline-task-id="73"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="6245011345ece00069c9b891" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6245011345ece00069c9b891?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">monica tang (Deactivated)</a> to add PPA targets compared to competition</li><li data-inline-task-id="74"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Joe Butler (Deactivated)</a> to double check PPA goals for Symphony as TI for Ncore with architecture</li><li class="checked" data-inline-task-id="75"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="6245011345ece00069c9b891" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6245011345ece00069c9b891?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">monica tang (Deactivated)</a> to double check PPA goals for Symphony as TI for Ncore with JP</li></ul>