<h2 id="id-2017-05-10SMARTMeetingnotes-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2017-05-10" class="date-past">10 May 2017</time></p><h2 id="id-2017-05-10SMARTMeetingnotes-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Joe Butler (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="6245011345ece00069c9b891" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6245011345ece00069c9b891?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">monica tang (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3806258562006fa69302" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3806258562006fa69302?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Chirag Gandhi (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="6137c753e2a0d60069b8eff7" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6137c753e2a0d60069b8eff7?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327726" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">JeanPhilippe Loison</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="70121:3348fb54-d260-4625-b8db-37aa9a743214" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:3348fb54-d260-4625-b8db-37aa9a743214?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Kurt Shuler (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37b82e101c006a910636" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37b82e101c006a910636?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Manadher Kharroubi (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373df6a26900695fd0fc" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373df6a26900695fd0fc?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Syed Shah (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3788699649006ae98fea" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3788699649006ae98fea?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Ankit Shah (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3779ad6b7e006aa7d820" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3779ad6b7e006aa7d820?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Steve Potter (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b381cf4079800705923a5" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b381cf4079800705923a5?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">David Brown (Deactivated)</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-2017-05-10SMARTMeetingnotes-Goals">Goals</h2><ul><li></li></ul><h2 id="id-2017-05-10SMARTMeetingnotes-250"><a href="/wiki/spaces/ENGR/pages/16171241/2017-05-10+SMART+Meeting+notes?preview=%2F16171241%2F16300177%2F20170510_NvidiaSymphonyPrepIdeas.pptx"><span style="background: url('/wiki/s/-672721829/6452/d621ad2a33e27b90ca05c475b216bfab745e08a2/1000.0.0-d621ad2a33e2/_/download/resources/com.atlassian.confluence.plugins.confluence-view-file-macro:view-file-macro-resources/images/placeholder-medium-presentation.png'); width: 333px; height: 95px; display: inline-block; padding-top: 155px; margin: 2px; border: 1px solid #ddd; text-align: center; vertical-align: text-bottom; text-decoration: none; font-size: 12px; color: #000;">20170510_NvidiaSymphonyP…</span></a></h2><p><a href="/wiki/spaces/ENGR/pages/16171241/2017-05-10+SMART+Meeting+notes?preview=%2F16171241%2F16300193%2F2017-05-10+-+phone+home+Smartflow+compliance.pptx"><span style="background: url('/wiki/s/-672721829/6452/d621ad2a33e27b90ca05c475b216bfab745e08a2/1000.0.0-d621ad2a33e2/_/download/resources/com.atlassian.confluence.plugins.confluence-view-file-macro:view-file-macro-resources/images/placeholder-medium-presentation.png'); width: 333px; height: 95px; display: inline-block; padding-top: 155px; margin: 2px; border: 1px solid #ddd; text-align: center; vertical-align: text-bottom; text-decoration: none; font-size: 12px; color: #000;">2017-05-10 - phone home …</span></a></p><p><a href="/wiki/spaces/ENGR/pages/16171241/2017-05-10+SMART+Meeting+notes?preview=%2F16171241%2F16300208%2F2017-05-10+-+ISO+26262+audit+overview.pptx"><span style="background: url('/wiki/s/-672721829/6452/d621ad2a33e27b90ca05c475b216bfab745e08a2/1000.0.0-d621ad2a33e2/_/download/resources/com.atlassian.confluence.plugins.confluence-view-file-macro:view-file-macro-resources/images/placeholder-medium-presentation.png'); width: 333px; height: 95px; display: inline-block; padding-top: 155px; margin: 2px; border: 1px solid #ddd; text-align: center; vertical-align: text-bottom; text-decoration: none; font-size: 12px; color: #000;">2017-05-10 - ISO 26262 a…</span></a></p><h2 id="id-2017-05-10SMARTMeetingnotes-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Time</th><th class="confluenceTh">Item</th><th class="confluenceTh">Who</th><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">60 min</td><td class="confluenceTd">Ideas for Nvidia discussions</td><td class="confluenceTd">Monica and Benoit</td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>What's the agenda for the Nvidia discussion? Let's make a proposal from SMART to Charlie on topics, duration and attendees.</li><li>Input based on Xavier discussions. FN only for control plane. Not for data plane - reason stated because we don't have virtual channels.</li><li>Now interested in next project but not interested in FN but perhaps Symphony may be able to be a target.</li><li>Recommendations<ul><li>Common understanding of terminologies</li><li>VC is the threads concept in OCP-IP. Threads and tags. Tags just like AXI IDs. Concept of threads are separate flows from same master. Each flow can have its own tags but flows are independent. Downstream can tell you thread_busy[1..n].</li><li>Read OCP-IP specification of threads. Cycle exact.</li><li>Check our understanding of Nvidia's requirements and check for acknowledgement / elaborations</li><li>Then present our proposed solutions and ideas</li></ul></li><li>Nvidia Data Plane overview</li><li>Why does NV need VCs?<ul><li>BW? Latency? Resilience? Prevent head of line blocking?</li><li>Do they have a VC-capable interface with the scheduler?</li><li>How many VC do they need?</li><li>What are their work-loads and applications? This is an ADAS SoC.</li></ul></li><li>Let's get a request to have them prioritize the topics and ask for use-cases or work-loads to focus on in the first meeting.</li><li>Credit based buffer management a solution? Depends on the problem they are trying to solve.</li><li>Why not ARM? Because this is non-coherent NoC and ARM does not have VCs and much worse QoS than FN.</li><li>VC useful - between NoCs; At asynch / power domain crossing; Between NoC and memory scheduler.</li><li>Virtual Machines<ul><li>they run many VMs and perhaps the fabric can help</li><li>No interference between VMs.</li><li>performance counters for VMs</li><li>isolation from failure (Infotainment vs system)</li><li>time-outs per VM; no concept of timeout in Symphony yet.</li></ul></li><li>Topic Priorities to ask ahead of the meeting?<ul><li>Virtual Channels</li><li>End-to-End Credit management</li><li>Virtual Networks and support for Virtual Machines</li><li>Functional Safety</li><li>Security</li><li>QoS</li><li>Use-cases, work-loads and applications?</li><li>Are there Key requirements they can make us aware of so we can bring the right material?</li></ul></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">60</td><td class="confluenceTd">SmartFlow</td><td class="confluenceTd">Kurt</td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Smartflow Compliance</li><li>Ensuring no one uses our product without us knowing it.</li><li>Some customers can not phone home (e.g. defense)</li><li>Tracking customer usage.</li><li>Used by Synopsis (Norm Kelly from compliance) and Cadence.</li><li>&lt;$40K/year.</li><li>Do we tag the RTL or do we just not generate RTL? Not always certain in our algorithms.</li><li>Could we use this data for analyzing customer usage patterns? E.g. how much time do they spend in topology generation?</li><li>Still requires us to<ul><li>Create custom info to send (proj names, keys etc)</li><li>Creating watermark text</li><li>Using Flexera / flexLM and creating any custom license-related data to send back through SmartFlow</li></ul></li><li>Creating our finance/legal/AE/marketing tracking database</li><li>How do we get access to this information?</li><li>Crawl, walk, run strategy - Ncore 2.2 crawl, 3.0 walk, Symphony run and decide on FN.</li><li>How big? Are they going to be around for a while? Risk?</li><li>Doesn't appear to be alternatives?</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">ISO26262 Audit</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Kurt</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Khaleel volunteered to drive Engineering audit readiness working with Kurt and Alexis.</li><li>ISO26262 assessments are about process</li><li>Assessments can be done by any customer or their representative.</li><li>Any IP can be made to be ASIL-D (with enough higher level support or SW) but we help you do it more intelligently.</li><li>TUV SUD certification - German standards organization</li><li>Bulk of work in documentating our methodologies and restructuring / reconfiguring what we have in a logical format (e.g. Confluence). Fill out PLC.</li><li>Start the right way on Symphony. Need same methodologies across engineering for Ncore and Symphony. Document and scale as we augment for Symphony requirements.</li><li>Consistency in organization is key.</li><li>No &quot;I think we ...&quot;</li><li>No revealing confidential information</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-2017-05-10SMARTMeetingnotes-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16171241"><li class="checked" data-inline-task-id="1"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Joe Butler (Deactivated)</a> to work with <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="6245011345ece00069c9b891" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6245011345ece00069c9b891?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">monica tang (Deactivated)</a>, etc. to draft up email to Nvidia for Charlie to review to help us prepare for the upcoming meeting.</li><li class="checked" data-inline-task-id="2"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373df6a26900695fd0fc" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373df6a26900695fd0fc?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Syed Shah (Deactivated)</a> to schedule follow up with <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="6245011345ece00069c9b891" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6245011345ece00069c9b891?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">monica tang (Deactivated)</a> and <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624501ef8678e900705a9b17" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624501ef8678e900705a9b17?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">benoit de lescure (Unlicensed)</a> to continue discussions to prepare for NV meeting.</li><li class="checked" data-inline-task-id="3"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="70121:3348fb54-d260-4625-b8db-37aa9a743214" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/70121:3348fb54-d260-4625-b8db-37aa9a743214?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Kurt Shuler (Deactivated)</a> to contact SmartFlow Compliance to arrange for demo session</li></ul>