<h2 id="id-2018-06-26MCMTMeetingnotes-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2018-06-26" class="date-past">26 Jun 2018</time></p><h2 id="id-2018-06-26MCMTMeetingnotes-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Joe Butler (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="6245027a2e101c006a8e1370" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6245027a2e101c006a8e1370?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">alexis boutillier (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3779ad6b7e006aa7d820" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3779ad6b7e006aa7d820?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Steve Potter (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b36daed4d6b0070161eea" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b36daed4d6b0070161eea?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="754406" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Federico Angiolini</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37b82e101c006a910636" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37b82e101c006a910636?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Manadher Kharroubi (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3788699649006ae98fea" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3788699649006ae98fea?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Ankit Shah (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624501ef8678e900705a9b17" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624501ef8678e900705a9b17?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">benoit de lescure (Unlicensed)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b379afd5e45007046ff91" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b379afd5e45007046ff91?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Ted Hong (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37ee699649006ae9902c" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37ee699649006ae9902c?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Ed Petrus (Deactivated)</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-06-26MCMTMeetingnotes-Goals">Goals</h2><ul><li>Track Reviews</li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-06-26MCMTMeetingnotes-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Time</th><th class="confluenceTh">Item</th><th class="confluenceTh">Who</th><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">10 min</td><td class="confluenceTd">Opens, Action Item Review</td><td class="confluenceTd">All</td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Ty - Expectations on Specifications and default template(s)</li><li>Ty - Include Alexis in SW / HW dependencies track. (DONE)</li><li><p>Joe - request review of disaster recover (e.g. back-ups, archives) plan and see if it is sufficient</p></li><li><p>Federico - add row in Inventory on iNoCs and populate (In progress)</p></li><li><p>Ankit Shah to add PPA configs to Inventory</p></li><li><p>Ty - hold technical discussion on templating approach across HW / SW</p></li><li><p>Joe Butler to arrange for more detailed understanding of the HW for physical</p></li><li><p>Syed Iijlal Shah to discuss Deadlock avoidance</p></li><li><p>Joe Butler and Syed Iijlal Shah schedule another session for Symphony HW Arch</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">15 min</td><td class="confluenceTd">Arch Track Update</td><td class="confluenceTd">Joe</td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Need to align on how we specifiy the data model (UML, C++, etc)</li><li>Discussion on code reviews. Concept of CCM.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">15 min</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">SW Meth / Infra Update</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Steve</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Next focus on coding standards and enforcement/checking</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-2018-06-26MCMTMeetingnotes-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16154903"><li data-inline-task-id="1"><span>&nbsp;</span></li></ul>