<h2 id="id-2018-06-01Meetingnotes--SwitchesFunctionalandCodeCoverage...-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2018-06-01" class="date-past">01 Jun 2018</time></p><h2 id="id-2018-06-01Meetingnotes--SwitchesFunctionalandCodeCoverage...-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37fc258562006fa692fa" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37fc258562006fa692fa?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">John Coddington (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b374a258562006fa6926d" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b374a258562006fa6926d?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Chandra Veedhi (Deactivated)</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-06-01Meetingnotes--SwitchesFunctionalandCodeCoverage...-Agenda">Agenda</h2><ul><li>What functions we need functional coverage for?</li><li>What configurations we need run our code coverage on?</li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-06-01Meetingnotes--SwitchesFunctionalandCodeCoverage...-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>All arbiter will be formally verified no functional coverage needed on these.</li><li>Route map and port map coverages will automatically be checked via scoreboard (checker).</li><li>In switches case we will not be doing any functional coverage.</li><li>We will only be doing code coverage.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">Â </td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-2018-06-01Meetingnotes--SwitchesFunctionalandCodeCoverage...-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16167377"><li class="checked" data-inline-task-id="1"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a> need to add this in our SPRINT tasks for June.</li></ul>