<h2 id="id-2018-10-22Meetingnotes--ArterisHW/SWdashboard...-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2018-10-22" class="date-past">22 Oct 2018</time></p><h2 id="id-2018-10-22Meetingnotes--ArterisHW/SWdashboard...-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3771f813eb00692cb1d7" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3771f813eb00692cb1d7?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Khaled Labib (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3806258562006fa69302" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3806258562006fa69302?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Chirag Gandhi (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3779ad6b7e006aa7d820" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3779ad6b7e006aa7d820?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Steve Potter (Deactivated)</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-10-22Meetingnotes--ArterisHW/SWdashboard...-Agenda:">Agenda:</h2><ol><li>What exact contents we need on HW side?<ol><li>Overall bug rate (Graph format) and trend.</li><li>Currently open bugs on RTL (table format).</li><li>Coverage numbers,</li><li>JSON parameters coverage numbers (graph with trend).</li><li>TACHL coverage numbers (graph with trend).</li><li>Code coverage on a given fixed configuration.</li><li>Regression reports with history.</li></ol></li><li>What contents we need on SW side?<ol><li>QA regression statistics.</li></ol></li></ol><h2 id="id-2018-10-22Meetingnotes--ArterisHW/SWdashboard...-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>We discussed all items 1.* one by one... we agree to add all item in our HW dashboard except item#1.f</li><li>We need separate meeting to define the dashboard for,<ul><li>Software (Maestro) progress / bugs / QA ... etc.</li><li>Lint &amp; Synthesis.</li><li>Performance modeling progress / bugs / QA.</li></ul></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"> </td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-2018-10-22Meetingnotes--ArterisHW/SWdashboard...-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16161011"><li data-inline-task-id="1"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a> need to create JIRA bugs table for Symphony as mentioned by <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3771f813eb00692cb1d7" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3771f813eb00692cb1d7?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Khaled Labib (Deactivated)</a></li><li data-inline-task-id="2"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3806258562006fa69302" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3806258562006fa69302?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Chirag Gandhi (Deactivated)</a> will do the same for Ncore.</li></ul>