<h2 id="id-2018-06-21MCMTArchMeetingnotes-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2018-06-21" class="date-past">21 Jun 2018</time></p><h2 id="id-2018-06-21MCMTArchMeetingnotes-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Joe Butler (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37ee699649006ae9902c" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37ee699649006ae9902c?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Ed Petrus (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373df6a26900695fd0fc" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373df6a26900695fd0fc?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Syed Shah (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37fb2e101c006a910661" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37fb2e101c006a910661?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Ty Garibay (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3779ad6b7e006aa7d820" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3779ad6b7e006aa7d820?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Steve Potter (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b379afd5e45007046ff91" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b379afd5e45007046ff91?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Ted Hong (Deactivated)</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-06-21MCMTArchMeetingnotes-Goals">Goals</h2><ul><li></li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-06-21MCMTArchMeetingnotes-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Time</th><th class="confluenceTh">Item</th><th class="confluenceTh">Who</th><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">10 min</td><td class="confluenceTd">Round table</td><td class="confluenceTd">All</td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Leverage existing documentation for self-training</li><li>Future topics<ul><li>Understanding of the UI. UX.</li><li>How HW Architecture knowledge is captured</li><li>User views, templates, wizards, etc<ul><li>Plus how do we expose it? UX</li></ul></li><li>What makes sense to make visible to the user, the SW, etc?</li><li>List of solvers.</li></ul></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">30 min</td><td class="confluenceTd">SW Architecture Team F2F</td><td class="confluenceTd">Joe</td><td style="margin-left: 30.0px;" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>How do we enable customers to add components in a compiled approach?</li><li>How do we enable the goal of Symphony to be an extensible platform?</li><li>What is the definition of Solvers</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-2018-06-21MCMTArchMeetingnotes-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16155216"><li data-inline-task-id="1"><span>&nbsp;</span></li></ul>