<h2 id="id-2018-04-02Meetingnotes-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2018-04-02" class="date-past">02 Apr 2018</time></p><h2 id="id-2018-04-02Meetingnotes-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3806258562006fa69302" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3806258562006fa69302?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Chirag Gandhi (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3782fd5e45007046ff82" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3782fd5e45007046ff82?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Abhinav Nippuleti (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Joe Butler (Deactivated)</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-04-02Meetingnotes-Goals">Goals</h2><ul><li></li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-04-02Meetingnotes-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><ol style="margin-left: 0.375in;"><li><span>Methodology sync-up across sites.</span></li><ol style="margin-left: 0.375in;"><li><span>Test plan review invite/post-review document share</span></li><ol style="margin-left: 0.375in;"><li><span>Jama review: Always include Saad, Abhinav and Chirag</span></li></ol><li><span>More new usage/knowledge sharing discussions across sites</span></li><ol style="margin-left: 0.375in;"><li><span>Interactive sessions in qrsim: Should we put this in dv_scripts? Omesh to give live demo.</span></li></ol><ol style="margin-left: 0.375in;"><li><span>Tachl usage in DV. Chandra can give a demo of this.</span></li><li><span>Top level TACHL wrapper. Saad can show us how to use this.</span></li><li><span>Tachl js libraries that are coded should be shared across sites.</span></li><li><span>Verification check-list/release process/Glissando/Customer TB</span></li></ol><li><span>Would it help to do a methodology review again for all DV teams?</span></li><ol style="margin-left: 0.375in;"><li><span>Jira usage (tasks/sprints + bugs)</span></li><li><span>Jama usage</span></li><li><span>Verification methodology</span></li><li><span>Release methodology (verification check-list)</span></li></ol></ol><li><span>Areas of improvement in our DV environment.</span></li><ol style="margin-left: 0.375in;"><li><span>Where should these be filed? Filed in Engineering Infrastructure project. </span></li></ol><li><span>Common verification library components.</span></li><ol style="margin-left: 0.375in;"><li><span>Git location of these? Should we share or make copies and add more project specific code?</span></li><ol style="margin-left: 0.375in;"><li><span>Symphony is checking VIPs in a lib repo. Also, each VIP has its own small TB with VIP connect to another instance in master slave mode. Ncore to consider using same APB VIP.</span></li></ol></ol><li><span>Bug reproducibility across project domains.</span></li><ol style="margin-left: 0.375in;"><li><span>Thoughts?</span></li><ol style="margin-left: 0.375in;"><li><span>Tar files to easily reproduce</span></li><li><span>Create git tag on the commit that is failing so anyone can easily reproduce</span></li></ol></ol><li><span>Recruitment</span></li><ol style="margin-left: 0.375in;"><li><span>Should we sync up on what questions each interviewer should ask?</span></li><li><span>What is the process of post-interview feedback across sites?</span></li><li><span>Goal is to keep an equally high bar across both sites to higher only strong candidates</span></li></ol></ol><ol style="margin-left: 0.375in;"><li><span>FlexNOC</span></li><ol style="margin-left: 0.375in;"><li><span>Involve Sarah or someone from the FlexNOC team.</span></li></ol><li><span>Provide feedback on upstream methodologies because we catch all issues. We are the voice of quality in the organization.</span></li><ol style="margin-left: 0.375in;"><li><span>Chirag to come up with a charter. Most of the above are activities to support this charter.</span></li><li><span>Innovation (ideas/patents) in verification is one charter.</span></li><li><span>Chirag to figure out what Dvcon awards are prestigious and what is the criteria to achieve an award. This should drive our innovation and quality.</span></li></ol></ol><h2 id="id-2018-04-02Meetingnotes-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16168002"><li data-inline-task-id="1"><span>&nbsp;</span></li></ul>