<h2 id="id-2018-06-19MCMTMeetingnotes-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2018-06-19" class="date-past">19 Jun 2018</time></p><h2 id="id-2018-06-19MCMTMeetingnotes-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Joe Butler (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3757258562006fa69287" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3757258562006fa69287?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Sanjay Deshpande (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b36daed4d6b0070161eea" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b36daed4d6b0070161eea?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="754406" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Federico Angiolini</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37fb2e101c006a910661" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37fb2e101c006a910661?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Ty Garibay (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37ee699649006ae9902c" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37ee699649006ae9902c?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Ed Petrus (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624501ef8678e900705a9b17" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624501ef8678e900705a9b17?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">benoit de lescure (Unlicensed)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3779ad6b7e006aa7d820" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3779ad6b7e006aa7d820?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Steve Potter (Deactivated)</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-06-19MCMTMeetingnotes-Goals">Goals</h2><ul><li>Ncore3 Overview from a SW perspective</li></ul><p>Â </p><p><a href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/download/attachments/16155642/NCore%203%20-%20Maestro%20View%20Campbell%20Jun19%202018.pptx?version=1&amp;modificationDate=1529656482355&amp;cacheVersion=1&amp;api=v2" data-linked-resource-id="16323096" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="attachment" data-linked-resource-default-alias="NCore 3 - Maestro View Campbell Jun19 2018.pptx" data-nice-type="Microsoft PowerPoint Presentation" data-linked-resource-content-type="application/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation" data-linked-resource-container-id="16155642" data-linked-resource-container-version="5">NCore 3 - Maestro View Campbell Jun19 2018.pptx</a></p><h2 id="id-2018-06-19MCMTMeetingnotes-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Time</th><th class="confluenceTh">Item</th><th class="confluenceTh">Who</th><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">40 min</td><td class="confluenceTd">Ncore3 Architecture Overview</td><td class="confluenceTd">Sanjay</td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Discussed what system architects know when they start evaluating an Ncore design<br/><ul><li>Known - Technology, building blocks, bandwidths, target performance</li><li>Early but fluid: area estimates, early floorplan, power estimates, clocking, DFT, reset and run-control, etc</li></ul></li><li>Start providing a solution to their requirements<ul><li>Specifying Ncore3 top level - Numbers, Native Interfaces, Caches, SoC-Level frequency domains</li><li>Next level down - outstanding transactions, Credits, Widths of interfaces, Caching policies, Snoop Filters, Atomics?</li></ul></li><li>Discussion on providing our area and wiring estimates.</li><li>Discussion on SMP. Becoming less prevalent.</li><li>Snoop Filters - desire long-term to abstract above and help optimize based on some high level requirements from Customer</li><li>Transport Fabric (Legato)<ul><li>Predefined fabric options</li><li>Network Suites</li><li>Pre-set Routing Solutions</li><li>Performance profiles</li><li>Ncore unit connectivity</li></ul></li><li>Need template discussion with HW/SW to understand how to provide suite of transport solutions.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">20 min</td><td class="confluenceTd">Inventory Summary</td><td class="confluenceTd">Ankit</td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>Back-ups of confluence?</p><p>Add iNoCs code</p><p>How should we cover the HW architecture and implementation</p><p>Our Arteris patents (a key asset available to us)</p><p>Papers (add where we have Darpa proposal)</p></td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-2018-06-19MCMTMeetingnotes-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16155642"><li data-inline-task-id="1"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Joe Butler (Deactivated)</a> request review of disaster recover (e.g. back-ups, archives) plan and see if it is sufficient</li><li class="checked" data-inline-task-id="53"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b36daed4d6b0070161eea" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b36daed4d6b0070161eea?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="754406" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Federico Angiolini</a> add row on iNoCs and populate</li><li class="checked" data-inline-task-id="54"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3788699649006ae98fea" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3788699649006ae98fea?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Ankit Shah (Deactivated)</a> to add PPA configs to Inventory</li><li data-inline-task-id="55"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37fb2e101c006a910661" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37fb2e101c006a910661?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Ty Garibay (Deactivated)</a> to hold technical discussion on templating approach across HW / SW</li></ul>