<h2 id="id-2018-10-22Meetingnotes--SymphonyCustomerTestbenchRequirements...-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2018-10-22" class="date-past">22 Oct 2018</time></p><h2 id="id-2018-10-22Meetingnotes--SymphonyCustomerTestbenchRequirements...-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624501ef8678e900705a9b17" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624501ef8678e900705a9b17?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">benoit de lescure (Unlicensed)</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="6245027a2e101c006a8e1370" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6245027a2e101c006a8e1370?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">alexis boutillier (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37a44fe01d006ba96e37" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37a44fe01d006ba96e37?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Jeffrey Nye (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b374a258562006fa6926d" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b374a258562006fa6926d?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Chandra Veedhi (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37b7258562006fa692b4" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37b7258562006fa692b4?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Sumit Dhamanwala (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3771f813eb00692cb1d7" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3771f813eb00692cb1d7?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Khaled Labib (Deactivated)</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-10-22Meetingnotes--SymphonyCustomerTestbenchRequirements...-Agenda:">Agenda:</h2><ol><li><p><span style="font-size: 14.0px;">PREVIOUS Meeting... </span><a href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ENGR/pages/16169506/2018-05-21+Meeting+notes+--+Customer+Test-Bench+Requirements..." data-linked-resource-id="16169506" data-linked-resource-version="2" data-linked-resource-type="page">2018-05-21 Meeting notes -- Customer Test-Bench Requirements...</a></p></li><li><p><span style="font-size: 14.0px;">Basically, the </span><span style="font-size: 14.0px;">customer</span><span style="font-size: 14.0px;"> test-bench is derived from several requirements:</span></p></li><li><span>ARTERIS verification tasks (ensure we provide a correct RTL)</span><ol><li>Validate the connection made by the software when creating the top level</li><li>Validate the additional hardware added by the top level if any</li></ol></li><li><span><span><span>CUSTOMER</span> verification tasks (ensure the RTL provided is following the <span>customer</span> spec)</span></span><ol><li><span>Provide a separate way for the <span>customer</span> to validate his specification for system feature</span></li><li>Correct memory map / connectivity map</li><li>Register map</li><li>Coherent / non coherent domain</li><li>Power domain</li><li>Security</li><li>User bits</li><li>Silicon debug</li><li>Coverage test (good coverage of NoC for running fault injection)</li><li>BIST sequence</li><li>Provide reference value to check changes in the RTL</li><li>Minimum latency</li><li>Maximum throughput</li></ol></li></ol><h2 id="id-2018-10-22Meetingnotes--SymphonyCustomerTestbenchRequirements...-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>We had a detailed dissuasion on almost all item but not all of them will be deliver by verification team.</li><li>Item 3.a, will be cover by system level connectivity tests. (successfully send translations from each initiator to all targets).</li><li>Item 4.a, need further discussions (meeting) to identity feature by feature.</li><li>Item 4.b, verification will provide a simplified and generic test which will be modified by customer for custom configuration.</li><li>Item 4.c, 4.d, 4.f need further meeting to discuss them in details.</li><li>Item 4.e, <span>verification will provide a simplified and generic test which will be modified by customer for custom configuration.</span></li><li><span>Item 4.g &amp; 4.h need to be discussed with architecture team.</span></li><li><span>Item 4.i, verification will <span>cover by system level connectivity tests. (successfully send translations from each initiator to all targets).</span></span></li><li><span><span>Item 4.j, need further meeting to define the details requirements.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Item 4.k is not applicable.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Item 4.l &amp; 4.m is already provided by Symphony TB (Will also add the support in Ncore TB).</span></span><br/><span><span><br/></span></span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"> </td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-2018-10-22Meetingnotes--SymphonyCustomerTestbenchRequirements...-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16161001"><li data-inline-task-id="1"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a> will arrange the followup meeting needed to define verification side requirements.<br/><br/></li></ul>