<h2 id="id-2018-05-30Meetingnotes--DefineSymphonytopologiesforfirstrelease(R1)...-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2018-05-30" class="date-past">30 May 2018</time></p><h2 id="id-2018-05-30Meetingnotes--DefineSymphonytopologiesforfirstrelease(R1)...-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3788699649006ae98fea" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3788699649006ae98fea?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Ankit Shah (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37fc258562006fa692fa" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37fc258562006fa692fa?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">John Coddington (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373df6a26900695fd0fc" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373df6a26900695fd0fc?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Syed Shah (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3704f813eb00692cb18c" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3704f813eb00692cb18c?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Shailendra Aulakh (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Joe Butler (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624501ef8678e900705a9b17" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624501ef8678e900705a9b17?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">benoit de lescure (Unlicensed)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3757258562006fa69287" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3757258562006fa69287?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Sanjay Deshpande (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37b82e101c006a910636" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37b82e101c006a910636?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Manadher Kharroubi (Deactivated)</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-05-30Meetingnotes--DefineSymphonytopologiesforfirstrelease(R1)...-Agenda">Agenda</h2><ul><li>Go over the initial proposal from Ankit.</li><li>Identify all the necessary topologies we need verify before our Symphony R1 release. Need to make sure our product team, CAE team and Engineering are on the same page.</li><li>Identify the details of each topology.<ul><li>Frequency requirement.</li><li>Latency requirements.</li><li>Bandwidth requirement.</li><li>Traffic pattern</li><li>Etc.</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-05-30Meetingnotes--DefineSymphonytopologiesforfirstrelease(R1)...-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Initially went through on basic understanding of our component / unit level functional and formal verification strategies.</li><li>Went through slides (shown below) and discuss each topology key differences and incremental complexity.</li><li>We all agree as team to use these topologies for our top level verification for our first Presto release (R1).</li><li>Approximately 4 to 5 more topologies will be send by <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624501ef8678e900705a9b17" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624501ef8678e900705a9b17?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">benoit de lescure (Unlicensed)</a> extracted from customer configurations.<br/><br/></li></ul><p><style>
    #media-viewer-content_presto_topologies_v1_0_pdf_3748 {
        height: 650px;
        width: 95%;
        position: relative;
    }

    /* PGXT-4046: Prevent the header from showing for the PDF macro */
    .conf-macro .cp-header.cp-header-group {
        display: none;
    }

    .cp-spinner .cp-spinner-blades div {
        background: #333;
    }

</style>

<div class="office-container">
                <img src="https://api.media.atlassian.com/file/ab014cb2-1c5c-4df4-b1dd-975915e1a10b/image?token=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJpc3MiOiI3NWE4Y2IwYS1hMGYyLTQwZDktYTQ2Ny1mNzA2NzhiZTQzMGQiLCJhY2Nlc3MiOnsidXJuOmZpbGVzdG9yZTpmaWxlOmFiMDE0Y2IyLTFjNWMtNGRmNC1iMWRkLTk3NTkxNWUxYTEwYiI6WyJyZWFkIl19LCJleHAiOjE3NTk3MjcxMTksIm5iZiI6MTc1OTcyNDExOSwiYWFJZCI6IjYyNGIzODA3YTYyOWMzMDA2OGE3OWY1MCJ9.Zvmg4z0f4IsZI_DZZ6y6rJbrZh9KZTUyQyrJl7LNYSA&client=75a8cb0a-a0f2-40d9-a467-f70678be430d&name=Presto_Topologies_v1.0.pdf" />
    </div>
</p></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"> </td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-2018-05-30Meetingnotes--DefineSymphonytopologiesforfirstrelease(R1)...-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16167409"><li class="checked" data-inline-task-id="1"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a> need setup separate meeting to identify 2D mesh / torus network topologies we need for R1 with <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373df6a26900695fd0fc" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373df6a26900695fd0fc?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Syed Shah (Deactivated)</a>, <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37fc258562006fa692fa" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37fc258562006fa692fa?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">John Coddington (Deactivated)</a>, <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3757258562006fa69287" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3757258562006fa69287?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Sanjay Deshpande (Deactivated)</a> &amp; <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3704f813eb00692cb18c" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3704f813eb00692cb18c?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Shailendra Aulakh (Deactivated)</a>.<br/><br/></li></ul>