<h2 id="id-2018-05-22Meetingnotes--IE3scopedefinitionandmore...-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2018-05-22" class="date-past">22 May 2018</time></p><h2 id="id-2018-05-22Meetingnotes--IE3scopedefinitionandmore...-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37fc258562006fa692fa" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37fc258562006fa692fa?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">John Coddington (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Joe Butler (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37b82e101c006a910636" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37b82e101c006a910636?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Manadher Kharroubi (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3806258562006fa69302" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3806258562006fa69302?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Chirag Gandhi (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37ffad6b7e006aa7d897" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37ffad6b7e006aa7d897?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Mohammed Khaleeluddin (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3704f813eb00692cb18c" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3704f813eb00692cb18c?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Shailendra Aulakh (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373df6a26900695fd0fc" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373df6a26900695fd0fc?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Syed Shah (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3757258562006fa69287" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3757258562006fa69287?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Sanjay Deshpande (Deactivated)</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-05-22Meetingnotes--IE3scopedefinitionandmore...-Agenda:">Agenda:</h2><ul><li>IE3 scope definition</li><li>In general how incremental IE (integration events) scope should support IE goals and objectives.</li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-05-22Meetingnotes--IE3scopedefinitionandmore...-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>We discussed how the Integrating Events should support IE Objectives for all produces – Ncore3, Presto1 and CodaCache.</li><li>Current IE have QA objectives for Ncore3.  Joe to work with Alexis to get additional objectives for Presto.</li><li>We will form an Integration team with empowered reps from each discipline / product including arch, sw, design, verif, QA, documentation<ul><ul><li>Team chartered with defining IE schedule and content, determining completion criteria and priorities.</li><li>First meeting can review QA inputs and objectives, Presto HW requirements from Maestro and Maestro capabilities timeline</li></ul></ul></li><li>Need updated Maestro timebox schedule and QA objectives to align from Maestro through HW to QA whole product testing and documentation.</li><li>We also updated high-level IE3 slide from Integrating Events presentation (see below).<ul><ul><li>It was pointed out the IE3 really drives strong requirement for Bob the Builder to be fully populated in June</li></ul><li style="list-style-type: none;background-image: none;"><ul><li>Decided to have pilots for Ncore3 and Presto work through BtB C++ version flow and then roll out training to the rest of team to enable this (note – CodaCache was the first pilot)</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><p><span class="confluence-embedded-file-wrapper confluence-embedded-manual-size"><img class="confluence-embedded-image" height="400" src="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/download/attachments/16169297/ie3.png?api=v2"></span></p></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"> </td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-2018-05-22Meetingnotes--IE3scopedefinitionandmore...-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16169297"><li data-inline-task-id="23"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Joe Butler (Deactivated)</a> work with <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="6245027a2e101c006a8e1370" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6245027a2e101c006a8e1370?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">alexis boutillier (Deactivated)</a> on Presto QA objectives and to identify QA team rep.</li><li data-inline-task-id="24"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37fc258562006fa692fa" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37fc258562006fa692fa?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">John Coddington (Deactivated)</a> / <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a> deliver staging of key Presto HW capabilities and expected enabling support from Maestro SW (e.g. Resiliency, Virtual Channels, etc).</li><li data-inline-task-id="25"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Joe Butler (Deactivated)</a> to work with engineering staff to identify remaining Integration team members and finalize charter.</li><li data-inline-task-id="26"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37b82e101c006a910636" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37b82e101c006a910636?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Manadher Kharroubi (Deactivated)</a> to send high-level timeline of Maestro capabilities which will later be confirmed (or adjusted) with updated timebox schedule aligned to Dec 7<sup>th</sup> Ncore3 and Mar 31sth Presto release schedule.</li></ul>
<p> </p>