<h2 id="id-2018-02-07Meetingnotes--DefineamethodologytodescribeSymphonytopleveltopologies.-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2018-02-07" class="date-past">07 Feb 2018</time></p><h2 id="id-2018-02-07Meetingnotes--DefineamethodologytodescribeSymphonytopleveltopologies.-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37b82e101c006a910636" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37b82e101c006a910636?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Manadher Kharroubi (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373df6a26900695fd0fc" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373df6a26900695fd0fc?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Syed Shah (Deactivated)</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-02-07Meetingnotes--DefineamethodologytodescribeSymphonytopleveltopologies.-Goals">Goals</h2><ul><li><span>Define a methodology to describe Symphony top level topologies.</span></li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-02-07Meetingnotes--DefineamethodologytodescribeSymphonytopleveltopologies.-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Shared the current format we are using in our performance model JSON configuration files.</li><li>Brainstorm on the improvement.</li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37b82e101c006a910636" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37b82e101c006a910636?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Manadher Kharroubi (Deactivated)</a> suggested an new enhance version to define the topology more efficiently.</li><li>We need topology mapping format.</li><li>We need within switch port &amp; VC mapping format on per each egress port basis.</li><li>We also need a global VC, flow and VN mapping as well.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"> </td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-2018-02-07Meetingnotes--DefineamethodologytodescribeSymphonytopleveltopologies.-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16168971"><li data-inline-task-id="1"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373df6a26900695fd0fc" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373df6a26900695fd0fc?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Syed Shah (Deactivated)</a> &amp; <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37b82e101c006a910636" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37b82e101c006a910636?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Manadher Kharroubi (Deactivated)</a> will work out the details and come up to initial version (in JSON format) for the team by end of this week.</li></ul>