<p><a href="/wiki/spaces/ENGR/pages/16168696/2018-02-16+Meeting+notes+--+Feedback+meeting+for+topology+description+doc?preview=%2F16168696%2F16284917%2FTopology.pdf"><span style="background: url('/wiki/s/-672721829/6452/d621ad2a33e27b90ca05c475b216bfab745e08a2/1000.0.0-d621ad2a33e2/_/download/resources/com.atlassian.confluence.plugins.confluence-view-file-macro:view-file-macro-resources/images/placeholder-medium-pdf.png'); width: 333px; height: 95px; display: inline-block; padding-top: 155px; margin: 2px; border: 1px solid #ddd; text-align: center; vertical-align: text-bottom; text-decoration: none; font-size: 12px; color: #000;">Topology.pdf</span></a></p><h2 id="id-2018-02-16Meetingnotes--Feedbackmeetingfortopologydescriptiondoc-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2018-02-16" class="date-past">16 Feb 2018</time></p><h2 id="id-2018-02-16Meetingnotes--Feedbackmeetingfortopologydescriptiondoc-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373df6a26900695fd0fc" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373df6a26900695fd0fc?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Syed Shah (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37fc258562006fa692fa" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37fc258562006fa692fa?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">John Coddington (Deactivated)</a></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3704f813eb00692cb18c" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3704f813eb00692cb18c?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Shailendra Aulakh (Deactivated)</a></p></li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-02-16Meetingnotes--Feedbackmeetingfortopologydescriptiondoc-Goals">Goals</h2><ul><li>Feedback meeting for topology description doc</li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-02-16Meetingnotes--Feedbackmeetingfortopologydescriptiondoc-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373df6a26900695fd0fc" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373df6a26900695fd0fc?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Syed Shah (Deactivated)</a> present his topology document.</li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37fc258562006fa692fa" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37fc258562006fa692fa?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">John Coddington (Deactivated)</a> provide feedback on missing items like, configuration port &amp; network, tracing, interrupts, performance monitors... etc.</li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a> identify some redundant parameters which can be removed and few typos.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"> </td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-2018-02-16Meetingnotes--Feedbackmeetingfortopologydescriptiondoc-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16168696"><li data-inline-task-id="1"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373df6a26900695fd0fc" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373df6a26900695fd0fc?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Syed Shah (Deactivated)</a> need sync-up with <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37b82e101c006a910636" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37b82e101c006a910636?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Manadher Kharroubi (Deactivated)</a> and team to review these parameters syntax.</li><li data-inline-task-id="9"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373df6a26900695fd0fc" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373df6a26900695fd0fc?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Syed Shah (Deactivated)</a> will set the goals for each timebox Feb, Mar, Apr... etc with <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37b82e101c006a910636" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37b82e101c006a910636?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Manadher Kharroubi (Deactivated)</a></li><li data-inline-task-id="10"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a> need to provide requirement for next timebox topology for April/May 2018 after sync-up with <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3806258562006fa69302" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3806258562006fa69302?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Chirag Gandhi (Deactivated)</a></li></ul>
<p> </p><p> </p>