<h2 id="id-2018-03-30Meetingnotes--Codereleaseandtaggingmethodology...-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2018-03-30" class="date-past">30 Mar 2018</time></p><h2 id="id-2018-03-30Meetingnotes--Codereleaseandtaggingmethodology...-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3806258562006fa69302" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3806258562006fa69302?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Chirag Gandhi (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37ffad6b7e006aa7d897" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37ffad6b7e006aa7d897?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Mohammed Khaleeluddin (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37fc258562006fa692fa" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37fc258562006fa692fa?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">John Coddington (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3818258562006fa69311" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3818258562006fa69311?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">David Clarino (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3779ad6b7e006aa7d820" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3779ad6b7e006aa7d820?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Steve Potter (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373745ece00069cca848" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373745ece00069cca848?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">AJ Grande (Deactivated)</a></li></ul><h2 id="id-2018-03-30Meetingnotes--Codereleaseandtaggingmethodology...-Agenda:">Agenda:</h2><ol><li>Do we need branching? My suggestion to avoid branching just stick with TAGGING only.</li><li>How do release the code other groups. I can depends upon,<ol><li>Release code between Ncore and Legato.</li><li>Release code between Ncore design and verification.</li><li>Release code between Legato design and verification.</li><li>Release code between Presto design and verification.</li><li>Release code between HW and SW group.</li></ol></li><li>Write a top level script to populate a given work environment as per above mention configurations.<ol><li>Using latest or any given TAG.</li><li>If we support branches it will move to proper branch as well.</li><li>Run a small sanity check (test) to make sure checkout environment is clean.</li></ol></li></ol><h2 id="id-2018-03-30Meetingnotes--Codereleaseandtaggingmethodology...-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>We talked about how currently branches and release mechanism work in Ncore and common library areas.</li><li>We currently we don't have a release mechanism in place for cross teams interdependencies.</li><li>We decided that we will use SW suggested method of using &quot;NODE PUBLISH&quot; mechanism to release across teams (Ncore-HW, Symhony-HW &amp; Maestro-SW).</li><li>Publish mechanism is seems like using GIT tag as well.</li><li>Saad will understand and sync-up with AJ &amp; Steve on this release flow and hash out all the details and document it for ISO 26262 requirement specs.</li><li>Release flow should guarantee to re-produce a given bug across multiple domains. For example,<ul><li>If Ncore team found a bug in Legato, Legato team should be able to reproduce it and vice versa.</li><li>Similarly if HW found a bug in SW. SW team should be able to reproduce it an vice versa.</li></ul></li><li>Currently we decided not to to gate hw_lib check-in with any sanity tests... most like we will add once release setup is done and stable.</li><li>AJ and Steve will setup initial publishing &quot;Package.json&quot; with all interdependencies.</li><li><span class="confluence-embedded-file-wrapper confluence-embedded-manual-size"><img class="confluence-embedded-image confluence-thumbnail" height="150" src="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/download/attachments/16167916/Code_Release_Meeting.JPG?api=v2"></span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"> </td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="id-2018-03-30Meetingnotes--Codereleaseandtaggingmethodology...-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16167916"><li class="checked" data-inline-task-id="1"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a> need to sync-up with AJ and Steve on a complete release flow solution and hash out all the details as needed.</li><li class="checked" data-inline-task-id="33"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a> will also make sure that any bug found (SW, HW-Ncore or HW-Symphony) by any group should reproduce able by other groups. </li><li class="checked" data-inline-task-id="34"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a> will document the complete release flow solution. </li><li data-inline-task-id="35"><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373745ece00069cca848" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373745ece00069cca848?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">AJ Grande (Deactivated)</a> will setup initial publish scripts.<br/><br/></li></ul>