<p>Attendees: <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37ffad6b7e006aa7d897" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37ffad6b7e006aa7d897?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Mohammed Khaleeluddin (Deactivated)</a> , <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b36daed4d6b0070161eea" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b36daed4d6b0070161eea?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="754406" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Federico Angiolini</a> , <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b374545ece00069cca858" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b374545ece00069cca858?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Ben Chen (Deactivated)</a> , <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="62a3dd7b76c0360069f6030a" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/62a3dd7b76c0360069f6030a?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Hunglin Hsu (Deactivated)</a> </p><p /><ul><li><p>Federico gives notice that Ben and he have been working on a Maestro roadmap document, with bottom-up effort assessment. The roadmap discussion however will occur in a separate meeting series.</p></li><li><p>Discussing upcoming work for 3.6, Hunglin mentions that in addition to CHI-E support, we will probably also want to add some CoreSight support. The software implications appear manageable at first blush, but will need to be discussed properly in the future.</p></li></ul><ul class="decision-list"><li>CoreSight support will need to be discussed and specified for the SW team to estimate effort.</li></ul><ul><li><p>Federico brings up the subject of “parameters” and gives the example of a recent “parameter” that was added to the HW specification. However, this is not actually a “parameter” that is fed to the TACHL at any point; instead, its meaning is to drive a Maestro automation which will or will not create a wire punching through the toplevel.</p><ul><li><p>Ben argues that therefore, this isn’t a parameter and our definitions should be crisper. Khaleel comments that nevertheless, this is a configurable property that ends up changing the RTL structurally via a change in an interface. Ben also points out that new “HW” parameters should be discussed with SW upfront, to figure out how they should be implemented in reality.</p></li><li><p>Federico remarks that regardless of this discussion, the main issue is that our current way of writing specifications is not suitable for customer consumption. The HW architecture documents mention parameters that the user cannot find anywhere, while on the other hand, Maestro offers configurability that the documents never mention.</p></li><li><p>Agreement that we need to have a common vision that describes the HW as mediated by the SW, in a way that relates to final user experience.</p></li></ul></li><li><p>Federico brings up the subject of migrating customer projects, e.g. between 3.2 and 3.4, but more in general between any releases. The issue is that the SW team has tribal know-how about how to migrate SW definitions, but not much about how to migrate any HW parameters that may have changed (added, removed, renamed, changed in terms of constraints and defaults) between such releases. Some options are discussed; for example, we could define migration rules on a parameter-by-parameter basis. Khaleel suggests, and there is no disagreement, to keep it simple:</p></li></ul><ul class="decision-list"><li>Maestro shall migrate data in the simplest way, by adopting the defaults of the latest release whenever there is a specification change. However, Maestro shall present a report of any parameters that have been removed or re-assigned a new value. The user will have to take it from there.</li></ul><ul><li><p>Federico asks what will happen to the Legato portion of the HW when the next Ncore specifications will be laid out. There is currently no authoritative document specifying how Legato looks like and what its parameters are. In particular, we have examples of components (PipeAdapters, RateAdapters…) for which a string of Jiras have been filed, asking for or proposing parameter rules; after the Jiras are closed, a few months later the cycle repeats.</p><ul><li><p>Khaleel mentions that in theory, Legato should be part of the next Ncore spec, but this isn’t certain yet. Federico makes a point that this would really be quite desirable. Hunglin also comments that we currently have no clear owner for a future specification document in the Austin site.</p></li></ul></li><li><p>Federico brings up the subject of topology synthesis. In particular, we have two areas where we are ill-equipped:</p><ul><li><p>All TS algorithms take as an input a matrix of communication bandwidths. We would currently not be able to feed a realistic one, because (a) we don’t ask the user for bandwidth information (this is a roadmap item on the SW side), (b) in Ncore, this bandwidth is “scattered around” between units by CCMP. The SW team has written an early estimator for (b), but we will need a cross-team effort to correlate it with reality under various scenarios.</p></li><li><p>The Artoo algorithm, if we understand correctly, does not have a timing cost function; rather, it relies on the core FlexNoC tool to evaluate and fix (via piping) the timing paths. This means that any integration effort will be gated by having a dedicated timing estimator for Ncore/Legato. This is a research-y project that has unclear duration, so, Federico argues, we should start thinking about it. One of the things we will need to model is the input/output delay of the blocks, to know how much of the timing budget they leave to the NoC links. Hunglin mentions that we may have some early data to look at. </p></li></ul></li></ul><p />