<h2 id="Ncorev2.0Retrospectives-Date">Date</h2><p><time datetime="2017-05-26" class="date-past">26 May 2017</time></p><h2 id="Ncorev2.0Retrospectives-Attendees">Attendees</h2><ul><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3806258562006fa69302" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3806258562006fa69302?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Chirag Gandhi (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><p><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3759a629c30068a79ed3" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3759a629c30068a79ed3?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Sugun Kedambadi (Deactivated)</a></p></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b37364fe01d006ba96ddc" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b37364fe01d006ba96ddc?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Muffadal Lakadawala (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3782fd5e45007046ff82" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3782fd5e45007046ff82?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Abhinav Nippuleti (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b373bf6a26900695fd0f8?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Joe Butler (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="6245011345ece00069c9b891" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/6245011345ece00069c9b891?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">monica tang (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="624b3788699649006ae98fea" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/624b3788699649006ae98fea?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Ankit Shah (Deactivated)</a></li><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-account-id="5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73" href="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki/people/5ed63c82037d930c16bd8c73?ref=confluence" target="_blank" data-linked-resource-id="327834" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://arterisip.atlassian.net/wiki">Saad Zahid</a></li></ul><h2 id="Ncorev2.0Retrospectives-Goals">Goals</h2><ul><li></li></ul><h2 id="Ncorev2.0Retrospectives-Discussionitems">Discussion items</h2><div class="table-wrap"><table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Item</th><th class="confluenceTh">Notes</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">v2.0 Retrospectives</td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>Lots of RTL bugs. Causes a lot of overhead</li><li>RTL team, once fixing a bug, should look at similar code around this area and see if there are similar bugs by inspection.</li><li>Better job on resource balancing (esp in HW team).</li><li>Better re-use of verification code and better knowledge re-use so we can have knowledge across lot of team members. Specific lunch and learns.</li><li>Stand ups: 1-2 mins per person to limit the whole meeting to 15 mins</li><li>Test plan reviews need to be done regularly.</li><li>Better QA testing in software. Ncore &lt;-&gt;flexNOC unit tests.</li><li>Mining through older bugs to see if we can glean some common themes.</li><li>Derived parameter file should be fixed early and not changed.</li><li>Functional coverage needs to be done through the project.</li><li>Code reviews of scoreboard/BFMs</li><li>Hire more interns.</li><li>Infrastructure: Number of licenses/grid issues/ scripts.</li><li>Grid usage data needs to be generated and analyzed. Jenkins could be a potential solution. Not sure how easy it is to setup?</li><li>RTL needs to be written smartly so that dead code is not spit out in verilog. This causes a lot of code coverage work and potentially can save area as well.</li><li>Should do more sub-unit DV so we can close library modules early.</li><li>Code coverage could be pushed to RTL team and be done earlier so that the RTL team can make changes. Its done really late today after RTL freeze and so RTL improvements cannot be pushed in.</li><li>Potentially move ownership and delivery of code coverage completely to the design team.</li><li>Micro architecture spec should be up to date and should give verification a good visual representation of the design so we know how the design is done.</li><li>Spec changes need to be documented religiously so that we know what has changed. Verification needs to be involved in micro architecture reviews and needs to be updated regularly so that all changes in RTL are documented.</li><li>Should be verification driven RTL implementation. RTL should not be coded till 1/3rd of verification TB is ready. Consider using sprints and scrums to execute development.</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table></div><h2 id="Ncorev2.0Retrospectives-Actionitems">Action items</h2><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="16171055"><li data-inline-task-id="1"><span>&nbsp;</span></li></ul>